{"en":"Kidnappers are rarely interested in animals,  but they recently took considerable interest in Mrs.  Eleanor Ramsay's cat. ^ ","ch":"绑架者很少对动物感兴趣。 最近， 绑架者却盯上了埃莉诺. 拉姆齐太太的猫。  "}
{"en":"Mrs.  Eleanor Ramsay,  a very wealthy old lady,  has shared a flat with her cat,  Rastus,  for a great many years. ^ ","ch":"埃莉诺. 拉姆齐太太是一个非常富有的老妇人， 多年来， 一直同她养的猫拉斯一起住在一所公寓里。  "}
{"en":"He usually takes a short walk in the evenings and is always home by seven o'clock. ^ ","ch":"傍晚常常出去溜达一会儿， 并且总是在7点钟以前回来。  "}
{"en":"One evening,  however,  he failed to arrive. ^ ","ch":"可是， 有一天晚上， 它出去后再也没回来。  "}
{"en":"She looked everywhere for him but could not find him. ^ ","ch":"四处寻找， 但没有找着。  "}
{"en":"Three days after Rastus' disappearance,  Mrs.  Ramsay received an anonymous letter. ^ ","ch":"拉斯特斯失踪3天后， 拉姆齐太太收到一封匿名信。  "}
{"en":"The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands and would be returned immediately if Mrs.  Ramsay paid a ransom of $1, 000. ^ ","ch":"写信人声称拉斯特斯安然无恙， 只要拉姆齐太太愿意支付1, 000 英镑赎金， 可以立即将猫送还。  "}
{"en":"Mrs.  Ramsay was instructed to place the money in a cardboard box and to leave it outside her door. ^ ","ch":"他让拉姆齐太太把钱放在一个纸盒里， 然后将纸盒放在门口。  "}
{"en":"but fearing that she would never see Rastus again -- the letter had made that quite clear -- she changed her mind. ^ ","ch":"但又害怕再也见不到拉斯特斯了 --这点， 信上说得十分明白--于是便改变了主意。  "}
{"en":"She withdrew $1000 from her bank and followed the kidnapper's instructions. ^ ","ch":"她从银行取出1, 000 英镑， 并照绑架者的要求做了。  "}
{"en":"The next morning,  the box had disappeared but Mrs.  Ramsay was sure that the kidnapper would keep his word. ^ ","ch":"第二天早晨， 放钱的盒子不见了。 但拉姆齐太太确信绑架者是会履行诺言的。  "}
{"en":"Sure enough,  Rastus arrived punctually at seven o'clock that evening. ^ ","ch":"果然， 当天晚上7点正， 拉斯特斯准时回来了。  "}
{"en":"He looked very well,  though he was rather thirsty,  for he drank half a bottle of milk. ^ ","ch":"它看上去一切正常， 只是口渴得很， 喝了半瓶牛奶。  "}
{"en":"The police were astounded when Mrs.  Ramsay told them what she had done. ^ ","ch":"拉姆齐太太把她所做的事告诉了警察， 警察听后大为吃惊。  "}
{"en":"She explained that Rastus was very dear to her. ^ ","ch":"拉姆齐太太解释说她心疼她的猫拉斯特斯。  "}
{"en":"Considering the amount she paid,  he was dear in more ways than one! ^ ","ch":"想到她所花的那笔钱， 她的心疼就具有双重意义了。  "}